- [Nana K.] My wall was faded by
the sun.
You could still see where
the poster used to be.
(alternative rock music)
- [Nana K.] What?
You're an only child?
- Yeah, my parents must be
crying
right now or just pissed off.
- Oh, 'cause you're supposed
to take over your
family's big hotel, right?
So just how big is it?
(upbeat chimes)
- Hmm? Oh, I get it.
You only remember the important
stuff.
What's going on in this pretty
head?
(Nana K. laughs)
- But when Blast debuts, I
bet they'll be so thrilled,
they'll forgive you right
away, parents are like that.
So just make sure that happens.
- I'll do my best for my Hachi.
- I told you, don't call me
Hachi.
- But when I hear the name Nana,
all I can think of is that cat
eyed-queen.
(meows)
(Nana K. laughs)
- Cat-eyed?
- Yeah.
That's what I've been calling
her since the 10th grade.
Now it's like total reflex.
- Wow, you guys have been
playing
in Blast since the 10th grade?
- No, we actually formed the
band the summer of my junior
year but me and Nana knew each
other the year before that.
- Really?
Hey, what was Nana like in high
school?
- Well she didn't talk
much, she never laughed
and she'd give people
all kinds of evil looks.
- What, she wasn't the most
popular girl in high school?
No way.
- She was a total goth chick.
But even so, she was really
pretty, so she stood out.
But you could never tell
what she was thinking.
So everyone was too scared
to get close to her.
But when I look back on
it, it must have been
kinda lonely for her, having
no friends to talk to.
- Huh.
- So I tried to impress
her with my big mouth
and stunning good looks
but she just ignored me.
I felt so rejected.
(Nana K. giggles)
- But you know me, I'm a total
music freak and I thought
if she won't talk to me,
I'll get her with music.
So I let her borrow some of my
CDs.
Well I forced them on her,
like 10 or so of my favorites.
I figured there's bound
to be one she'd like.
Then one day, she finally
talked to me.
(students chattering)
- Terashima.
- Huh?
- Thanks for letting
me listen to your CDs.
If you get any new ones,
let me know.
- She smiled.
- Osaki said something?
- Sure.
Hey Nana, wait a minute.
- She can talk after all.
- So what kind of music are you
into?
I mean which CDs did you like?
- Oh, what's it called?
The crazy one, the band
with the porn name?
- The Sex Pistols?
- Yeah, that one.
- You like punk rock too?
So do I.
- What a dork.
- I was so happy.
She was falling in love with me.
- It sounds more like you
were totally in love with her.
- Well, maybe a little bit.
- What the hell?
I hate you.
(Nana K. weeps)
- But that was all a long
time ago and besides,
once we became such close
friends, it was impossible
for me to even think of
her like that anymore.
I mean, I'm the one who
introduced her
to Ren in the first place.
- You're the one who
introduced Ren to Nana?
- Mm hmm, Nana was so
warped back then
that she scared all
the guys off.
I thought Ren might be the only
person she could relate to.
In those days, I used to look up
to Ren as some sort of
invincible hero.
(relaxed piano, electronic
music)
- And your plan worked.
- Yeah, but not the
way I expected.
- What do you mean?
- Little by little, I
began to realize that Ren
wasn't as invincible as
I first thought he was.
I think Nana ended up saving him
just as much as he saved her.
(soft rustling)
(relaxed electronic
ensemble music)
You know when I was younger,
I used to think that guys
had to be all strong and
stuff for their girlfriends.
So I tried to act real
tough in front of the girls.
But now I see just how
stupid that was.
- Why do you think that
was stupid?
- So what do you think
of these wimpy guns?
Are they strong enough for you?
- Well yeah, of course they are.
- Oh, ever since I fell
in love with you, Hachiko,
I've realized what a totally
un-macho girly guy I am.
- What do you mean?
You're the guy who promised
he'd do anything to make me
happy.
- And I will, as long
as you're always by my
side to support me.
I feel like I can do
anything with you by my side.
- Deal.
I get it, Nobu's like
a clinging child.
This is new for me.
I'm usually the one
who's like that.
What's going on?
My heart bleeds for him.
(soft electronic, flute music)
I want to be with him.
I want to spoil him.
I want to be there for
him, I want to hold him.
I want to do everything
he wants.
In the past, I only
thought about
having men do those
things for me.
Maybe that was my big mistake.
(birds chirping)
- Good morning.
- Nana, you're back here
again, what about Ren?
- Ah, he's pretty busy
with work right now.
So he's hardly ever home.
You left Misato and you
weren't with Takumi,
so who were you with?
- Where is Misato?
- She's still sleeping.
- I've got to explain
everything to her.
But how am I gonna make
her understand?
I hooked up with Nobu right
after I broke up with Takumi.
Actually things kinda
overlapped.
I have to think this over.
I'm working today,
so I better get changed
and get outta here.
- Oh by the way,
did you find the record store
where Nobu works yesterday?
- Oh yeah, thanks.
Sorry, I gotta get outta
here quick.
- You two seem to get
along pretty well.
- Huh?
- Ever since I've known him,
he's always been an
honest and sincere guy.
You both share similar
values like that.
Of course most of the time,
you're like two little
dogs whining for attention,
which can get kind of annoying.
- [Nana K.] Nana totally
understands.
- It must have been kinda lonely
for her having no friends.
- Because Nana knows just
how nice Nobu can be.
Even more than I do.
Nana.
- Hmm?
(soft piano music)
You know, me and Nobu...
(Nana K. sobs softly)
I think I'm head over
heels in love with Nobu.
(soft piano, violin music)
- Of course you are.
- [Nana K.] She didn't
say anything after that.
I didn't say anything else
either
'cause that would seem
like I was making excuses.
I don't have to explain
anything really.
All I have to do is
treasure Nobu
and Nana will always be
watching over us.
(upbeat violin, piano music)
Hey look, Kyosuke did this.
- [Nobuo] Wow, it's amazing.
Mr. Kyosuke is really talented.
- Don't call him mister,
he's the same age as you.
- He seems older to me
'cause he acts kinda like
a father to you.
Oh, do you think I
should put on a suit
and ask him for your hand?
- Let's just call him
an older brother, okay?
Look over there, it's
Jun's painting.
- [Nobuo] That's incredible
in more ways than one.
(Nana K. laughs)
- But I don't really
get what it means, Jun.
- Can you explain it to us?
- I believe I'm the one who
needs an explanation here.
- [Kyosuke] Huh, Nana and Nobu?
- Yeah, all lovey-dovey, it
was so gross.
- What the hell?
Last I heard, she was into Yasu.
- Well, I guess that
fling didn't work out.
- Fine but why didn't
she tell us that before?
I wonder why she'd
hide it from us?
- Oh, I think she was
actually hiding some other guy
and I bet he broke her heart
into pieces.
At any rate, she was really
depressed about her ex
and whoever else and Nobu
was just nice to her then,
so she probably just went along
with it.
- [Kyosuke] Yeah, but
it seemed like
she'd gotten over her
ex pretty fast.
- Well, that's true
but I don't think her ex
had much to offer her.
I mean just take a look around.
- There are plenty of fish
in the sea
that are better than her ex.
- Hey mister ex, here's the
Jackson burger you ordered.
- Shut up with all the "ex"
crap.
- Oh, I didn't see
you there, sorry.
- You called me to
meet you here.
- You're always here
whether we call you or not.
- Even though you moved
to a place farther away.
- [Koichisato] What, when did
that happen?
I thought you had to stay
put 'cause you're broke.
- He was able to get out of
his lease.
That way he could shack
up with Sachiko.
- He made us help him move
even though we were busy.
It was such a drag.
- Whatever.
I didn't even ask, you just
barged in to spy on me.
- Sachiko's place is
one station away, right?
- Yeah, but I'll keep
coming here.
So don't you worry, Koichisato.
- You don't have to come.
- Why not?
- After you broke up,
Nana stopped coming around
for her Jackson burger fix
'cause you're here all the time.
- Sorry.
- But she doesn't have to
worry about mister ex anymore
now that she's all lovey-dovey
with her new boyfriend.
Why don't you tell him
to drop by sometime?
I want to see this guy.
- What, Nobu's never been here?
But I thought he lived
in this neighborhood.
- With his band and work,
he probably doesn't
have time to come here.
The guru hasn't dropped
by either.
- What guru?
- Nana's roommate.
- Oh, right.
- Is her new boyfriend cool?
- Eh, he's all right but once
you put a guitar in his hands,
he actually turns into a
pretty cool guy, it's weird.
- Totally, he's usually
just part of the scenery,
a bit like ex here.
- No kidding.
Don't you think Nobu is
a lot like our mister ex?
- Right, like the stupid
way they both talk.
- You think so?
I always thought her new
boyfriend was a bit on
the pretentious side.
- What, when did you meet him?
- Well I haven't but from
what Nana told me awhile back,
his parents own a big hotel
and he just
threw that away to be
in a band in Tokyo.
I guess that's enough to get
Nana's attention but come on.
I heard that he said something
to the guru like "I'll be
happy as long as I'm playing
my guitar and you're singing."
- Huh?
- I mean, who says things like
that?
- You wouldn't and that's
why you suck.
- But it's so cheesy.
- You suck because you can't
allow
yourself to say cheesy,
romantic things.
- You make things worse
by trying to play it cool
all the time.
- Wait, now I get it.
I'm beginning to see what it
is that attracts Nana to Nobu.
He knows what to say and
do to please her.
- He plays the good friend
who the girl can confide in
and then when the time's right,
he drops the Romeo lines.
It's a subtle art that he
seems to have mastered.
I'd say he's the right
guy for our Nana.
- This may turn out
good for her.
(tepid guitar music)
What do you think, Shoji?
- What do I think?
I'm fine with it.
All I want is for Nana
to be truly happy.
- Feeling jealous?
- [Shoji] Koichisato,
another Jackson
burger for my
girlfriend Sachiko.
- Welcome home, Shoji.
- Present for you.
- Oh, you were at
Jackson's again?
Thank you.
- Sorry it's not
some designer bag.
I suck, I already know that.
- Hmm?
Actually if I had the choice,
I'd prefer a Jackson burger.
- [Junko] You think we
were too mean to him?
- Eh whatever, we had
to put him in his place.
- We succeeded in that.
- Shoji is never going to admit
to being jealous under
any circumstances
but you and I know that
he really is.
- Men are so selfish.
Well, it'd probably piss me off
if he wasn't a little bit
jealous.
- You know, Shoji was
into Nana in a big way.
He just loved Sachiko more.
- [Junko] But don't you think
the reason
for that is because Sachiko
loved him more than Nana did?
- You really think so?
It seemed to me that Nana
couldn't possibly live
without Shoji.
- Well, it's impossible for us
to measure who loved who more
but I'm betting Shoji felt more
loved by Sachiko than Nana.
Maybe it's the way they
express their feelings.
Nana is so one-way, it
can be hard to deal with.
- Yeah, when they were
going out,
Shoji would always come
over to our place
just so he could get drunk
and complain about Nana.
- "Nana doesn't love me
for who I am.
She just loves me 'cause
I'm in love with her."
Of course, he was right
but I could never tell him.
- Well maybe that wasn't
really how Nana felt
but I can totally see
why he would think that.
- When she found out
he was cheating on her,
she immediately said she didn't
want him.
That had to have been a big blow
to him.
It confirmed his fears.
"I was right all along,"
he must have thought.
- But Nana only said that
because she can't deal with
the painful stuff very well.
When she gets hurt, she
just runs away from it.
- Yeah, always.
She runs away, shuts the door
and just won't deal with the
other person.
- Have you ever noticed
that when she talks
to other people, sometimes it
seems like
she's having a conversation with
herself?
- Yeah (chuckles).
- But lately she doesn't seem
to come crying to you
as much as she used to.
Maybe it means she's finally
able
to deal with the guy she's with.
- Let's hope so.
If Nobu cheats on her, I
hope she'll be passionate
enough to kick and scream
at him to get him back.
- So tell me, if I cheated on
you,
would you kick and scream to get
me back?
- No way, I'd beat you to death.
- Well, I'm glad to hear that.
- You are?
- [Kyosuke] It's all about
how we express our feelings,
right?
(phone ringing)
- [Operator] The number you have
reached
does not accept unidentified
calls.
Please activate your
caller ID and try again.
- Why would someone suddenly
start screening their calls?
- Maybe 'cause they hate you.
Ren, turn the page.
- Welcome home, Ren.
Guess what?
Nobuo and Hachiko are an item.
- Now she has two guys?
Way to go, Hachiko.
- What are you saying?
There's no way she could
handle two guys at once.
She broke up with Takumi, dude.
- Whoa, really?
Well, that scumbag
deserves it anyway.
All he thinks about is
getting laid.
- Look who's talking.
- Just turn your caller ID on.
- Then she'll just know
who she's ignoring.
- Oh, you're right.
- Hachiko?
I thought you two broke up.
- Nope, she just screamed
at me over the phone.
Where the hell is the crew?
What do they take us for?
(glass shatters)
- [Band Member] Takumi,
they've still got 10 minutes.
(door rings)
- Huh?
- Stop reading that porn.
- It was just one page,
you know how manga is.
- Sachiko doesn't satisfy you?
- Au contraire, ma petite amie.
- What, she's that good?
- When I'm talking to you,
it feels like I'm
talking to a guy.
- I've gotta hand it to you
Nobuo,
you finally won Hachiko over.
- It's all thanks to you.
- Huh?
- I've always known you were on
my side,
secretly rooting for me.
You've got my back 'cause
we're tight like that.
- You're wrong, it was
never about you, dude.
- Of course, you did it for
Hachi.
You thought that of all people,
I'm the one who could make her
happy.
Well, she will be.
- It's not like that.
I hate to tell you this
but I just used you.
- As revenge against Takumi?
- Nope.
- Then what?
(sharp metallic tones)
- So that Hachiko could run
unleashed in my own backyard.
(anxious piano music)
Just make sure she doesn't
go running away ever again.
- Nobu!
Hey, Nana.
(Nana K. laughs)
- I guess some people never
really change.
She's still just as
warped as she was before.
I thought getting her together
with Ren
would make her a bit more
normal.
- Nana is one of those
extremely possessive females.
I mean she put a padlock
around Ren's neck.
What's that all about?
- That's just 'cause
she's into Sid Vicious.
I'm sure it's nothing more
than a fashion statement.
- I think there's more to it.
I mean she also got a Ren flower
tattooed on the side of her arm.
No matter how much she loves
him,
isn't that going a little bit
too far?
But he seems to be into it
and even after being apart for
two years,
Ren was still obsessed with
Nana.
Sounds like he's pretty crazy
himself and Hachi's always
talking about them like
they're the ideal couple.
Maybe I'm wrong to think
they're so messed up.
- Finding true love, I
love stories like that.
(phone rings)
Damn, it's Kako, she is such a
sadist.
- What, she's a sadist?
- I won't be crashing here
tonight.
So you should tell Hachi to come
over.
I'm stoked that you guys are
together.
You're good for each other.
- Shin, tell me the truth.
Are you happy for us 'cause
you want to keep her as your
pet?
You wanted me to go chase
after her as if she was a dog.
(Shinichi chuckles)
- No way, I just wanted you
to answer your own question.
- What question?
- "If a man and a woman
are just objects of desire
to each other, can they
ever be connected by love?"
You two connected, right?
I mean I know you've already
had sex and that's cool.
It's only natural but are
you connected by love?
- You're just gonna have to
try it for yourself, dude.
- Not possible.
- This is just a temporary
contract.
When the album's
release date is set,
we'll draw up an
official contract.
I'm working around the clock
to make this happen
as soon as possible.
But there are many
people involved
and unfortunately I
don't always get my way.
- I don't have time
for the details.
You only need my signature
and seal on this temporary
contract, correct?
- Yes, that is all we need.
- I need you to know
I have concerns
regarding the
entertainment business.
- Of course you do,
I have kids as well.
So I understand
that as a parent,
you're always worried
about your son's-
- That is not what I meant.
Only in show
business is the media
allowed to dig into
people's personal lives.
I do not want that
kind of trouble
for me or for my other son.
- Well, we thought
it would be best
to keep all the band
member's profiles secret,
even within the industry.
We'd be sure to disclose
your son's age as 18.
That would be enough to-
- You can do whatever you want
as long as you keep his
true identity a secret.
I don't want our family's
dirty laundry exposed
to the world.
When you draw up the
official contract,
send it to me in the mail.
I don't want to waste any more
of my time with this kind
of nonsense.
Now if you'll excuse me.
- Mr. Okazaki,
even though he's not your
flesh and blood,
you did raise this
kid for 15 years.
Are you telling me you
don't feel anything for him?
- [Mr. Okazaki] Unfortunately
I couldn't bring
myself to feel any love for
Shinichi, not even once.
(somber violin music)
Though I tried my best.
(alternative rock music)
- Hey Miss Hachiko, we're
almost out of paint.
Is it okay if I open a new one?
- Sure.
I hope you don't mind helping
me paint my room, Misato.
- No, this is a lot of fun.
Painting the walls white makes
this old room seem brighter.
It's really nice.
(relaxed electronic music)
- [Nana K.] All I want to
do is seal off my memories
but why do I feel like a
criminal destroying evidence?
Am I still the same?
Am I just making another
one of my mistakes?
Hey Nana, the mistakes I
made, the scars I have,
they won't simply disappear
even if I cover them up.
So I'm still calling your name,
no matter how much it
hurts, until you answer me.